README.md, before:

# Squishy's Server
 A repo for the Squishy's Server Lua Mod for sm64ex-coop, with the main goal to make my hosts have everything you would need quality of life wise!

 This repo is a resource if you're curious about how something in the mod is coded, Want to make optimization Pull Requests, or just hate long loading times and just want to download it here.

## Community Driven Project

 This mod is only possible because of not only the modders of coop, but everyone who has supported me while making this!

 Since this is a mod by the player, for the player, I want to make sure in can adapt to however *you* play! So please leave any suggestions you may have for features/additions, they make my hosts just that much better.

### Optimization (Pull Requests)

 As I'm not too good at Lua, most of the code isn't optimized as much as it could be.

 I suggest if there is a problem optimization wise, you make a Pull Request! It helps the game not need to process as much and helps myself know how I can better code.

## Downloading to avoid loading times (No longer needed)

### With the return of Discord Servers, *Downloading to avoid loading times* is no longer required!

 If you're here to download the latest version of the server mod, then follow these intructions:

 Under *"Code"* press **"Download ZIP"**. Take the folder *"squishys-server-main"* within the zip and place it under **"mods"** in your game's AppData (Like you would any other mod). Once the folder is moved, rename it from **"squishys-server-main"** to **"squishys-server"** *(Just removing "-main")*. Relaunch the game and attempt to join me, if done successfully you should join instantly!

 If that doesn't work, clear/delete your **"mod.cashe,"** relaunch the game, and try again.

###### *(Note: This does not account for any outside mods I might also be hosting with)*

### Do not publicly host with this mod!
 This mod is not meant for outside public use, and is specifically for the reasons above!

As this is an unreleased mod, You could also get in trouble for hosting this mod without permission (at least in the sm64ex-coop server).

###### *(Note: It is perfectly fine to host privately with this mod. Whether it's with a few friends or just to test something, I do not care what you do with this privately.)*

Commit message:

Added Links and made easier to read
Signed-off-by: Squishy <74333752+SQUISHY6094@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Squishy's Server
 A repo for the Squishy's Server Lua Mod for sm64ex-coop, with the main goal to make my hosts have everything you would need quality of life wise!

 This repo is a resource if you're curious about how something in the mod is coded, Want to make optimization Pull Requests, or just hate long loading times and just want to download it here.

## Community Driven Project

 This mod is only possible because of not only the modders of coop, but everyone who has supported me while making this!

 Since this is a mod by the player, for the player, I want to make sure in can adapt to however *you* play! So please leave any suggestions you may have for features/additions, they make my hosts just that much better.

### Links:

[Repo](https://github.com/djoslin0/sm64ex-coop) - The original Repo for the game, made by **djoslin0**

[Discord](https://discord.gg/G2zMwjbxdh) - The sm64ex-coop Discord, where you can get help/support

[Mods Website](https://sm64ex-coopmods.com) - The sm64ex-coop Modding Website, where most coop mods are archived (Including the ones used in this mod)

### Optimization (Pull Requests)

 As I'm not too good at Lua, most of the code isn't optimized as much as it could be.

 I suggest if there is a problem optimization wise, you make a Pull Request! It helps the game not need to process as much and helps myself know how I can better code.

## Downloading to avoid loading times

### (No longer needed)

With the return of Discord Servers, *Downloading to avoid loading times* is no longer required!

### Instructions

 If you're here to download the latest version of the server mod, then follow these intructions:

 Under *"Code"* press **"Download ZIP"**. Take the folder *"squishys-server-main"* within the zip and place it under **"mods"** in your game's AppData (Like you would any other mod). Once the folder is moved, rename it from **"squishys-server-main"** to **"squishys-server"** *(Just removing "-main")*. Relaunch the game and attempt to join me, if done successfully you should join instantly!

 If that doesn't work, clear/delete your **"mod.cashe,"** relaunch the game, and try again.

###### *(Note: This does not account for any outside mods I might also be hosting with)*

### Do not publicly host with this mod!
 This mod is not meant for outside public use, and is specifically for the reasons above!

As this is an unreleased mod, You could also get in trouble for hosting this mod without permission (at least in the sm64ex-coop server).

###### *(Note: It is perfectly fine to host privately with this mod. Whether it's with a few friends or just to test something, I do not care what you do with this privately.)*
